So then the mugger tells me
to lie on the ground
And count to 100.
And as I got down,
I said, "thanks! You too!"
[ laughter ]
"you too"!
I was mortified!
Okay!
I got to go drain
my dame vein.
[ laughter ]
What did I miss?
It's your better half.
Francine's a riot!
You ought to bring her
by the office more, stan.
It's criminal that we only
get her at these work parties.
Someone call
the police!
That's what she could have said.
At the mugging.
I don't know.
She's the storyteller.
I'm no good at this.
Well, I read
a disturbing statistic recently.
We swallow eight spiders a year
without even realizing it.
I was so scared when
I found out, I couldn't sleep.
But that's what I get for
reading snapple caps before bed.
Now someone else say
a thing.
Oh, my god.
Bracelet flask!
I love it!
You'll appreciate this.
Ooh.
Purse flask.
They make those?
You are too much!
I'm agent cara.
Francine.
I'm stan smith's wife.
Stanimal?
I love that guy.
We work on
the innerspace program together.
What's that?
It's pretty cool,
actually.
I get to shrink down
to the size of a cell
And go on missions
in other people's bodies.
Like the magic school bus!
Exactly like that,
except if arnold was a dictator
And ms. Frizzle
was in there giving him e. Coli.
Sorry. I don't mean to keep you
if you need to pee.
Oh, no. I never use the toilets
at these things.
I've got a system.
Are...You...
Kidding me?!
[ exhales deeply ]
Ah.
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A.
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say
♪ good --
♪ good morning, u.S.A.
Aah!
♪♪
Mm. Mm!
Okay.
I'll bite.
What's with the wheel?
This is no wheel.
This is a ticket
to a better life.
Oh-ho! Nice.
Say no more.
Disagree.
Say more.
We got really lucky last night
and saw a car crash.
A lamborghini
hit a barricade,
And one of the wheels flew
so far
That after they got
the fire out,
Everyone just sort of forgot
about it.
And now it's all ours.
It's the most expensive thing
we own -- by a lot.
And just the foothold
we needed
To finally climb
into high society.
Hold on. So you think rolling
an old tire through the streets
Is gonna make everyone think
you're...What, rich?
Jeff:
[ laughing ] oh, no.
This bad boy will never touch
the ground again.
[ both grunting ]
That's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard.
I love it!
I'm clearing
my schedule
And following whatever this is
for the rest of the day.
Whew!
What a party, huh?
I had such a great time
last night.
Mm.
Me too.
Stan, how come
you never mentioned cara?
I'm sure
I've talked about her.
C-bone is my number-one
work dawg.
We share bagels.
She's a bottom gal,
and I prefer the top.
Well,
I think she's great.
I could see us becoming
really good friends.
Pshh.
Never gonna happen.
What are you talking about,
klaus?
I'm afraid friendship
is off the table, francine,
Because the feeling
was not mutual.
Cara told me in an e-mail
she sent this morning
She finds you
very off-putting.
She said --
and these are her words --
You give off
a strong snitch vibe.
What?
T-that's impossible!
We had real chemistry!
Was it because
I asked her
If she's ever been
all up inside a baby?
I meant
like on a mission!
Probably, yes.
Okay. I've got to jet.
Look how fast I can run!
[ door closes ]
Meh.
♪♪
Okay.
Duper's new liver is in,
And cara's at
the extraction point.
Let's pull her out,
enlarge her,
And get this guy
to happy hour.
Confirm.
We've got the ship.
Hang on. Cara's trying to
signal us through the window.
She's...
Okay. She's mooning me.
Hey!
Francine is here!
Damn it. Damn it.
Damn it.
Sorry to interrupt.
Is cara in here --
She got transferred to...
An arm...Enian deli.
In France.
Oh.
All right.
Smith!
What on earth was that?
It's my wife, sir.
She always hijacks
all my friendships.
And work is the last place
I have
Where my friends
are just mine.
I couldn't risk it happening
with cara.
Come now, smith.
You can talk to me.
What's really going on?
Uh, I was...
S-scared about all the spiders
I must have swallowed
After what you said
at the party.
And -- and I need cara
to do a deep clean.
For spiders.
There, now.
Doesn't it feel better
telling the truth?
It's safe to be afraid here,
smith.
Mission approved!
Francine:
♪ if I could turn back time
♪ if I could find a way
[ snoring ]
♪ uh-uh-uh
♪ uh-uh-uh-uhh
what the cher?
♪ uh-uh-uh
[ echoing ]
♪ uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uhh
Cara: Hey! Hey,
can someone out there hear me?
Help!
Cara?
Francine?
Get out of town!
It's so great to run into you!
Before you say anything,
I just want to apologize
for making you hate me.
F-francine,
I don't hate you.
You don't?
No!
But can we talk about this
later?
I need help.
Something's gone terribly wrong.
One minute I'm finishing
a mission in duper,
And the next I'm in this --
I-I want to say moose?
It's stan.
[ gasps ]
Stan, who lied
about you being transferred!
And about you
hating me!
Stan? Stan, wake up
and explain yourself!
Sta-a-a-n!
Hang tight.
I'm gonna get a bucket of water
to pour in this guy's face.
Make it a martini.
I could use a drink!
[ growling, metal clanking ]
Francine! Want to watch me
play "elden ring"?
I'm an astrologer --
but, like, a battle astrologer.
He's very cool,
very...Good at stars.
Hey, does it seem crazy
That stan would trap
his work friend in his body
So I wouldn't find her?
Crazy? No.
Surprising?
Also no.
Tell me what you know.
Well, it wouldn't be
the first time
Stan has done
something wild
To shield his work friends
from you.
From me?
I'm [bleep] great.
Exactly.
Look.
Do you remember brock
from the lab?
Of course!
I loved brock.
And what happened when you two
started becoming friends?
Stan told me he got
into scientology
And cut all the suppressive
people out of his life.
Mm.
What about sharon, the assassin?
Sharon!
She fell in love --
with the sea.
Sure.
Tony the pilot?
Stan said he became
a reverse werewolf
Who's only human
on full moons
So he's really busy
those nights --
Oh, god damn it.
Actually, that one is true.
But it was stan's fault.
But why?
He's afraid.
He doesn't want you
getting close to his friends
Because he knows you're way
more charismatic than he is
And they'll become
better friends with you.
I mean, I get it.
I like you way more.
It's why I'm giving you
all this information
Even though he swore me
to secrecy.
But I really like cara.
I'm gonna talk to stan.
You could.
But trust me,
once he knows the jig is up,
He'll just find another way
to make sure you and cara
Will never,
ever be friends.
He's had a lot
of practice.
[ sighs ]
thanks. Okay.
Good luck being a fighting
weatherman or whatever.
I can tell you're
being dismissive
But that's pretty dead-on,
so I can't be mad.
♪♪
Oh! Francine.
Did you know some cats
are allergic to humans?
A truly haunting
rumination.
Fire up
your shrinky machine!
I've got to go inside stan and
rescue your innerspace agent.
Come on, now.
Talk to avery.
What's the real reason
you're doing this?
Um, I think stan swallowed
some of the monopoly houses.
[ gasps ]
training be damned!
Let's get you little!
In you go, francine.
♪♪
Okay.
You can do this.
[ thudding ]
Shoo!
[ glass cracking,
lasers zapping ]
♪♪
It's cara!
[ laughs ]
[ up-tempo music playing ]
So you think that tire
is gonna get you into ataxia,
The most exclusive nightclub
in all of langley?
You're gonna get laughed at,
and I, for one, am here for it.
Can't wait.
♪♪
[ grunts ]
Holy mackerel.
That's lamborghini rubber!
Come right in!
Son of a bitch.
[ tires screech ]
[ crowd murmuring ]
Dwayne "the rock"
johnson?
Hey! Is that from a lambo?
So sick.
You guys got to come watch the
fight with us in atlantic city.
We're taking a helicopter.
It's adele's birthday!
Adele:
Lambo. With me.
Son of a bitch!
[ heartbeat echoing ]
And I guess he's been doing this
for years.
I'm sorry you got caught up
in it.
Stop. It was a hell of a thing
you did coming in here after me.
I was hoping
I'd see you again.
Me too.
I can't believe stan's being
so petty.
We should plug
one of his arteries.
Let's hide one of his testicles
up inside his body.
That happened once when he got
scared by a firework.
[ phone buzzes, chimes ]
Hello?
Stan: Betrayer!
You went inside me
without my permission.
There's a word for people
who do that, francine --
Parasite!
I also feel betrayed.
Slow down.
You kidnapped cara.
To protect her
because you always go
To these incredible lengths
just to steal my friends!
That's not at all
what I'm doing!
Get back to the extraction point
and come home.
I forbid you to see cara.
We're already together.
She's there?
Tell her I say "whazzup?"!
Stan says hi.
"hi"?!
You make me sound like a dork!
Boy, you really can't
help yourself.
You're being
completely unreasonable!
You take some time
to cool off!
In the meantime,
cara and I will be in here...
Bonding.
Gaaah!
Bay-aah!
That was fun.
Do you want to go to the roof
and shoot our guns?
I need to get them out of there
and away from each other.
Is there any other way
to get them out?
Smith, we're the cia.
We'll force them out even if
we have to kill you to do it.
[ dial clicks,
up-tempo rock music plays ]
♪♪
♪ I saw you outside of my cell
♪ I saw you
♪ I got a plan
♪ I got a sexy plan for you
♪ I start to think that you want
something to drink ♪
♪ I got a plan
♪ I got a sexy plan for you
♪ and then we drug them all
♪ and break out
from this...Up prison ♪
♪ I tricked you with my orgy
♪ I stole your gun
♪ your purpose is a lie
♪ exposing it is fun
♪♪
♪ I saw you inside this hell
♪ I saw you
♪ I got a plan
♪ I got a killer plan for you
♪ we'll meet again,
and it'll be your end ♪
♪ I got a plan
[ gasps ]
[ breathing heavily ]
[ phone rings ]
had enough?
What?
Francine, I can barely hear you.
What spiders?
Your brain is riddled
with spiders!
We had to abandon ship!
[ explosion, engines whirring ]
[ crash, spider screeching ]
[ women screaming ]
Spiders?
I warned you.
♪♪
Francine's in trouble!
I need to get in me!
Interesting.
And how will that work?
Walk me through the logistics,
I mean.
We don't have time
for this.
Just shrink me down
and get me inside me.
Okay. Yeah.
I hear it now.
What we need is to build
a team of agents
Uniquely suited
for this mission.
We'll need an ace pilot,
a stone-cold killer,
A brain expert, a bard to sing
the story of their triumph,
And -- oh, no.
Smith?
Are the spiders in your eyes?
Hold still until I can get
a glass and a piece of paper.
No. The problem is I know the
perfect team for this mission.
I just really don't want to make
the call.
What could be so bad
That you would risk the lives
of your wife and fellow agent?
They're all
work friends...
That I've been keeping
from francine.
So it's gonna be like
the movie "innerspace."
I don't have time to explain
the plot to you,
So we'll just watch it
on my phone.
[ synthesizer playing ]
Okay. So that was
"dunston checks in."
I couldn't find "innerspace"
on youtube,
But I think you'll get
the gist of it
Once you're in
the tiny spaceship.
Primary objective --
rescue a fellow agent
As well as...Francine.
Oh, my god!
Francine!
Francine?!
How is she?!
[ groans ] never mind.
This was a bad idea.
You can all go home.
It has to be me.
Stan.
All right.
Here's the deal.
I handpicked each of you because
you're invaluable to this op.
Sharon, you're the best tracker
on the force.
Thanks, stan.
And you deserve to know
Francine didn't get the acting
bug and move to the himalayas.
Also, no one is calling nepal
"the new hollywood."
Tony, my ride-or-die
reverse wolfman.
I appreciate you squeezing us in
on a full moon.
Also, francine is not a
regular werewolf whose schedule
Is therefore completely
incompatible with yours.
Water under the bridge,
stan.
Brock, buddy,
you know brains,
And I'm counting on you
to keep mine safe.
Also, francine didn't get stuck
in the wet concrete
Of the 11th street bridge,
And I don't go sing to her
every new year.
Well, it was a nice sentiment
all the same.
And, morgan freeman,
History will want to know
what happened here
And you're just the guy
to narrate it.
Smart.
Save it for the field.
The truth is,
my wife is amazing.
I lied to all of you because
I was afraid you'd like her more
And...And I'd be left in
the lurch as the second banana.
But that's not her fault.
I'd like the chance
to say all this to her, too,
So please
bring her home.
♪♪
[ bell chimes ]
Do you think I should've
warned them about the spiders?
Well, we did everything
we wanted.
We reached the top.
High-stakes go fish.
Backstage with rod stewart.
A limo ride through
a burger king drive-through...
With a snow leopard.
You guys want
some rita's water ice?
The owner saw your wheel
and opened up early.
Guys!
They've got blood orange!
Lamborghini wheel,
you made our dreams come true.
Now it's time for you to do that
for someone else.
I only wish we had more wheels
to give.
[ both grunt ]
you're not gonna believe this,
But there's a lamborghini
out on the street here
With a flat tire.
The guy looks
pretty desperate.
No!
The tire chooses!
[ both grunt ]
This moment --
This is what they will
remember us for.
♪♪
Remember, the slightest damage
to the brain
Can have catastrophic
consequences for stan,
So follow my instructions
very --
Aah!
Ohh!
[ gasps ]
[ spiders screeching ]
Holy shit!
Hostiles incoming!
♪♪
[ spiders screeching ]
Find francine!
I'll hold 'em off!
♪♪
So, how do you feel
like it's going in there?
Pretty good, I think.
[ spiders screeching ]
♪♪
Freeman!
We sure could use a poignant
pep talk right about now!
♪♪
[ spiders screeching ]
Aah-ha!
Ha!
[ spider screeching ]
Hyah!
♪♪
Francine?
Sharon?!
Shut up!
How are you?!
Oh, pretty good.
Working a lot.
[ spider screeching ]
[ grunts ]
Can you guys climb out?
No!
I think my leg is broken!
[ spider roars ]
Well, I guess no news
is good news, right?
[ spider roars ]
♪♪
Ooh.
[ spider screeching ]
[ spiders grunting ]
♪♪
[ heartbeat echoing ]
But when stretchy jeans
came out?
Boom. That was the real
game-changer for wolfmen.
My quality of life
went way up.
Tony,
can I ask you something?
Aren't you angry?
About what?
It's stan's fault
you're a reverse werewolf.
And he did it just to keep us
from being friends.
A little.
But I also feel for him.
It's got to be tough always
getting eclipsed
By the person
you love the most.
Kind of lonely, I'd think.
And there's no escaping that.
At least I get one night off
a month.
I guess so.
[ metal clanks ]
Let's kill it.
It's a baby now, but we have
no idea how big it'll get.
I don't know.
It can't get more than...
Eight feet!
[ laughter ]
Oh!
Awoo!
[ spider laughing ]
[ laughs ]
and then, out of nowhere,
Sharon's head just pops up
over the ledge, like this!
Oohur? Oohur?
[ laughter ]
Like a dang turtle!
Oohur?
[ laughter ]
Ah!
A toast!
To an unbreakable
friendship.
[ glass breaks ]
stan: Damn it!
I can't imagine
this is easy for you.
Are you angry?
Only at myself.
I'm so sorry
about everything.
Francine,
I was just jealous
Of the way you pull people
into your orbit.
But now I realize
I'm in that orbit, too.
And there's nowhere else
I'd rather be, baby.
Oh, stan.
Mm!
Mm-hmm.
Morgan freeman:
And through it all, stan learned
The most important lesson --
No amount of fighting
or bargaining
Will ever slow the hands
of old father time.
Children grow up, whether
you're ready for it or not.
I assume that's what he learned,
anyway.
I'm pretty loaded.
You know, jack nicholson gave me
this bathing suit
On the set of "the bucket list."
That man just gives and gives
and gives.
[ spider squeaking ]
♪♪
Bye-bye!
See you soon!